Joshua Warren is the founder and
president of la mu our paranormal
investigations in Asheville North
Carolina they use the scientific method
to research and document unexplainable
activity including ghostly phenomena
psychic activity reports of UFOs in
crypto zoology matters Warren has
appeared on the Discovery Channel Travel
Channel and is the author of course
numerous books included haunted
Asheville he's been on coast-to-coast
before and he's going to talk with us
about some astounding moon footage and
it really is incredible Joshua welcome
back to coast to coast how are you
oh oh I'm wonderful thank you good good
to talk with you a little bit about this
footage what do you think's going on
here it really is amazing and to give
everyone background in 1968 NASA sent
the first manned mission to the moon
Apollo 8 and it didn't actually land on
the moon but instead orbited around the
lunar surface about 10 times and sent
back some live imagery to the earth and
of course that imagery was presumably
not edited well in 1999 the Nova program
to the moon included a clip of some of
this footage and there was an anomaly
that only lasts about two seconds it's
easy to miss it if you're not looking
for it
that was noticed by a researcher named
Charles Yost who used to work for NASA
and is now the executive editor of
electric spacecraft and he noticed that
in this two second clip as the Apollo 8
footage is being shot apparently about
70 miles above the lunar surface this
tall black cylindrical object appears
jutting out of the moon it probably as
well it sort of looks like a smokestack
sticking out of the ground and just as
the camera is about to move past this
object it releases a jet like cloud and
it looks very much like a smokestack
releasing a puff of smoke the most
amazing thing is that if indeed this
footage was shot from 70 miles above the
lunar surface
well then this object must be thousands
of feet tall and considering that humans
have never even walked on the moon at
this point that didn't happen until the
following year it is amazing to think
that an object like this could exist on
the moon and of course it raises the
whole plethora of questions about what
this is and how crucible NASA has been
about what is on the moon I'll tell you
I've been looking at this picture all
day Joshua and then the series of
pictures and it is strange because you
can clearly see this tiny footage as you
say of this black option it's got to be
oh it's got to be at least a several
hundred feet long don't you think based
on the size of it and the size of the
moon yeah I would say so and right now
I'm waiting to get some more official
estimates as to how tall this object
would have to be if indeed it was shot
from 70 miles above and of course if and
of course there's very little reason to
think that this could be some sort of an
optical illusion because for one thing
it remains stationary on the lunar
surface as the camera passes by it
changes as the cameras perspective is
altered and then of course this jet
light cloud sort of drifts to the right
and dissipates and altogether it's very
difficult to think this could be any
sort of an optical illusion and if it is
not an illusion well then you know it
raises several possibilities in my own
personal opinion of course some people
have speculated that NASA faked some of
the moon footage if that's if that's
correct what's really even less likely
this type of anomaly would appear if
they had control over the scenery on the
other hand if this footage is indeed
from the moon then it must indicate
there's some strange technology up there
about which they've never told the truth
if so who put it there humans or other
intelligence and
was its purpose and of course if this is
from the moon and NASA has never noticed
it however unlikely then they need to do
a serious and immediate investigation to
explain the anomaly this is a possible
that day well of course you say that as
the camera moved it's stayed stationary
so it couldn't have been a little
blemish on the lens right that's correct
something like lint or debris on the
lens shouldn't behave in the way that
this does and it certainly shouldn't you
know stay at that same spot and have
that sort of change as the cameras
perspective is altered passing by it and
so there's really no no reason to
believe that it is some sort of a
blemish or optical illusion in my
opinion and there does appear to be some
kind of plume of smoke or something
right next to it yes you're sure enough
and I mean it looks like it's it's
ejected very powerfully from the top of
this and again that just very much like
a smokestack releasing a puff of smoke
and and this is just sticking straight
up out of the lunar surface you could
also imagine that if indeed there was
some knowledge that some sort of an
object like this was on the moon it
might be easy to assume that from an
altitude of 70 miles that it wouldn't
show up nonetheless clearly this did
show up and so it could be a slip-up of
some kind and even though it may be
difficult to believe that NASA didn't
notice this you know they have many many
hours worth of moon footage if ironic
does this you know two-second clip would
make it on to the Innova program without
anyone realizing its significance but
still there's there's no telling really
what other types of anomalies like this
may be in the footage that has not been
released or has been released and no one
has picked up on it yet just run these
pictures now beginning to make their way
to groups and organizations such as
yours that are going to truly try to get
to the bottom of this yes absolutely uh
we are doing everything we can to
analyze these photographs and glean as
much information as possible based upon
them
but of course the frustrating thing
always is that when it comes to
information about the moon or really
about deep space in general we just have
to rely upon what what they say and of
course we collectively fund their
efforts so they are actually accountable
to us and we deserve to have truth but
at the same time there's really nothing
we can do other than just ask them and
ask them again and again and hope that
they'll be honest with us now if
everybody wants to take a look at this
picture again it's on the website under
hot stories and flex also has it as a
link up right under Joshua Warren's name
and his organization and there's no
question it looks like to me also some
kind of a smokestack or something but
routines from the movement I mean you
really have to look closely there but
once you zero in on it you're going to
see it and then there are a couple
frames where you see almost like a
little smoke or something that emits
from this smokestack I mean it's almost
as if there's I mean it doesn't look
like a volcano because it's off
obviously it's too thin it looks like a
cylinder it just it looks like there's a
huge pipe sticking into the moon doesn't
it it certainly does to me and of course
we're happy that we were able to take
these stills that were used in the
electric spacecraft issue and recombine
them to replicate the footage and it's
really valuable to have that movement
there to actually see how it behaves as
the camera passes by and of course at
very least if this is some sort of a
geologic anomaly on the moon and I can't
imagine what it would be at the very
least and we need to know more about
what the surface of the moon is is
really like and then this could have you
know direct implications when it comes
to some of the questions about
inconsistencies in nasa's footage as
well